Add simplified architecture diagrams for traffic flow and config changes (#3557)
nginx/nginx-gateway-fabric: docs/architecture/configuration-flow.md

# Configuration Flow

> This diagram shows how Gateway API resources become NGINX configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This diagram shows how Gateway API resources map to NGINX configurations.
```

sequenceDiagram
    participant User
    participant API as K8s API
    participant NGF as NGF Controller
    participant Agent as NGINX Agent
    participant NGINX

    User->>API: Apply Gateway/Route
    API->>NGF: Watch notification
    NGF->>NGF: Validate resources
    NGF->>NGF: Build config graph
    NGF->>NGF: Generate nginx.conf
    NGF->>Agent: Send config (gRPC)
    Agent->>Agent: Write config files
    Agent->>NGINX: Test config
    Agent->>NGINX: Reload (if valid)
    Agent->>NGF: Report status
    NGF->>API: Update resource status
```

## What Gets Generated?

### NGINX Configuration Files

- **nginx.conf**: Main configuration
- **servers.conf**: Virtual server definitions
- **upstreams.conf**: Backend service definitions

> - **maps.conf**: Request routing maps

Reviewer 2: These aren't technically the conf files that we generate. It's an ever-changing list, so I wouldn't bother listing them here.
